Brand Management
Brand Guidelines

Updated August 2024

Contents

Logo

Logo Icon

Product Icons

Product Logo Lock Ups

Lock Ups

Typeface

Iconography

Colors

Gradient

Brand Device

Example Assets

Logo



Here we show you how to maintain consistent use of your brand logo in the correct size, colour, and placement, helping to maintain integrity and enhance recognition across all platforms.




When using the wordmark on assets, always make sure the minimum clear space is adhered to, in order to ensure clarity.




This clear space is always the width of the 'a' character.

Download
Logo Icon



The logotype will be housed in a solid colour or gradient, where the predominant use will be for profile images and app icons, such as on the IOS interface. 




The logotype will always be white, whilst the container will contain either a gradient or one solid colour. 

Download
Lock Ups



These wordmark lock ups include the tagline, 'ai for Humans First', and should be used whenever the opportunity presents itself, as the primary lock up for the brand.




When one form of this workdmark doesn't fit well into a different-sized format, it is possible to use one of the other wordmarks as an alternative. 




If necessary, the tagline can be removed and the logo can be used alone (as stipulated under Logo).







Download
Product Icons



The product icons will make use of the branded gradient, as seen in one of the uses of the logo icon. This creates a cohesion across the entire arc brand.




Both the Reactor and Protocol product icons were created to reflect the multidimensionality of the overacrching brand, with a nod to the decentralised experience of WEB 3 in mind for the latter.




Reactor leans into the concept of multidimensionality, the widening aperture of the logo, reminiscent of a camera lens, symbolising the opening of a portal or window.

Download
Product Logo Lock Ups



These product lock ups include the tagline, 'by arc', and should be used whenever the opportunity presents itself, as the primary lock up for the product brands.




When one form of this workdmark doesn't fit well into a different-sized format.




If necessary, the tagline can be removed and the product icon can be used alone.




Download
Typeface



Favorit is a straightforward, low-contrast grotesque font that combines geometric rigidity with subtle oddities and a humorous touch.




The shoolbook "a" and Alt "y" should be used at all times




Medium and Book are used across web and print for the arc 'umbrella' brand, as well as for the product brands.




Favorit Mono is used for any code that that is generated by any product.




Arizona is versatile and adjustable for any context. The 'Flare' is a 'nearly-but-not sans' font that is the voice of Reactor. It should only be used in this context.




The shoolbook "a" should be used at all times

Purchase Typefaces
Iconography



A consistent style of iconography has been implemented to improve functionality across UX and UI. 




Stylistic attributes of the icons are dictated to by the main font, Favorit, to ensure alignment and cohesion across the brand.







Download
Umbrella Colours



The arc colour palette is made up of 5 core colours, 1 gradient and 11 sub colours to be used across app, digital and coding display, forming a total of 16 colour tokens. 




The core colour palette provides a distinction from the other palettes, whilst also comfortably pairing up with them in usage together.




Digital greys are for UX and UI use, as an additional support to help break up sections of content against neutral backgrounds. This prevents content from appearing as though it is floating.




The markdown palette helps to differentiate code in a more legible and ownable format. These colours stay within the general colour palette and are recognisable as code, whilst being conscious of the arc brand. A balance between what exists, as code, and what is new and recognisable as 'arc'.

Product Colours

Protocol




Reactor




Matrix

Gradient Use




Gradients help to highlight elements of text within text. 




They are used in a similar way to pull-out quotes, as an alternative to bold,  to highlight elements of important copy.




The full gradient appears along the entirety of the 'pull-out' element, in the example opposite, 'ai for u'.




T

Art direction



Art directed imagery for arc is fundamentally about human success, the best creations of the human mind generated by AI to show the symbiosis of the arc brand. This is the merging of technology and humanity. 




These images help to drive interest in the brand, as they are recognisable as belonging to arc. Our approach differs to that of our competitors and others within the space. 




We strive to manipule the arc brand colours to add an additional level of ownership to our imagery.




You can download a guide to generating arc imagery below.

Example Digital Assets



Bringing everything together, these example assets show the different ways in which the umbrella brand can be visualised.

Download Templates
Download Assets
Product Brand 
Digital Assets



These example assets show the varying ways in which the product brands can be visualised. Whilst borrowing upon elements of the overarching identity, the product brands are defined using the product brand lockup and product specific imagery.

Download Templates
Application Icons



These example assets show the two ways to assign icon to the application. Do not cut edges around logo while using this icons.

Download
Brand Devices 


Arc

The arc shape is deployed across art directed assets, UX and UI.




An abstract arc is created using the crop of a circle, paired with a square. This maintains flexibility across any aspect ratio, for any asset, and brings the brand story back to the core narrative. That of the arc.




The Portal assets are able to interact across two planes, either coming into our reality (appearing closer), or entering an ai world (through the 'portal').




The Window is a viewing window, through which we get a glimpse of the world of ai. This is an opportunity to see the 'other plane' of ai.




The Arc is used as a device to platform  the products and the brand. This is a supportive design tool that can appear across all assets.




Glow

The glow is deployed across art directed assets, as well as UX and UI, as a secondary brand asset.

Video



Video assets should include a consistently scaled arc logo. This can either be overlaid onto footage, a generated moving image that fits within the guidance on art direction, or atop a solid 'arc' colour. 




Advice for the implementation of the 'colour' approach can be found in the Colour guidance above.

Download templates
Look and feel
Stationary
Download stationary
Signatures
Download Signature
Website
Light UI
Dark UI